[Music]
welcome to Frank's place aunts Meadows
preeminent gaming resort casino as Bob
remember this is an underground casino
we can't park outside my house or
everyone will know
Park it tailors take the path through
the woods boom
you're right in my backyard what's the
password Andre the Giant welcome we've
got the relaxation zone massage shiatsu
deep tissue and hand job hungry dr.
vinny in the kitchen hillier rustle up
an egg white omelet that'll knock your
socks off
what the hell's em Craig ordered eggs
over-medium look at the yolks that's not
over medium take it back right dick face
you're doing a great job hey hey welcome
to club foods because what is every
casino need but a kick-ass pool that kid
magnet the magnet we how old is he 11
he's a fantastic DJ this is the place
for friends hang out have fun get a
rubdown get a rub out and lose money am
I in the Bellagio or am i three blocks
from my house I genuinely don't know you
know what [ __ ] book club what book club
thank I plates and illegal adult
entertainment establishment operating in
violation of several state and federal
statute Frank is not responsible
financial losses drug overdoses food
poisoning Pro component dismemberment
immolation divorce arrests or
incarceration come to think of it a
legal disclaimer for an illegal casino
doesn't make anything we don't even know
why we're tell you
gotta move footing doing we gotta move
Dana [ __ ] let's do it again
Alex going to college he looks pretty
psyched right I'm so used to be not 3
it's gonna be like this [ __ ] done well
hold on here empty man mess is going to
be filled with our love gimme regular
[ __ ] oh yeah get your getting your
passport ready its word when we going to
[ __ ] down when I became a dad I made a
choice to support my daughter's dream
you don't have enough money says right
here you have four hundred and one
thousand dollars no that says you have a
401k account you guys need money I know
how to get let's start an underground
casino I don't like to stick to that
look at Alex here she is she's gone to
college if she doesn't go boom yeah
there's like a homeless prostitute on
the streets selling her tiny body for
money you want to make money like Vegas
you got a look like Vegas we've got a
nail salon
massage it you're never going to believe
within this next room is it a strip club
hey hey you're gonna make crazy money we
got to invite everybody text there's
something going on in this town
your mother and I will be working late
if cannibal feel like your name
you've been coming home late every night
smelling like smoke and booth honey yeah
I just go to light out check some emails
come in
[Music]
need us to shut down the casino you got
a problem G better send a message like
Nero casino you think you can cheat us I
got a little lucky your luck just ran
out man because we are my friends what
the [ __ ] you up
what are you guys gonna do about it
anyway you're a bunch of soccer mom
lady what cut you [ __ ] oh yeah try to
find it can I help
oh just hold on tell your friends they
messed with us you're gonna get oh god
no I don't to cook it I'm not gonna cook
it they say no to you I say we say no to
them say I want my baby they're stupid
[Music]
[Applause]
when I became a dad I made a choice to
support my daughter's dreams you don't
have enough money it says right here you
have four hundred and one thousand
dollars check fine
you missed it ah that says you have a
401k account and Alex thinks we can
afford tuition and we can't we gonna lie
that's what parents do because otherwise
the kids are going to realize it we
don't know what we're doing
welcome I have a way for you guys to
make four years tuition in one month
underground casino check out do this now
you're 40 years old and you go to jail
for 20 years how old are you when you
get out 90 no 100
honey if I have some scratch paper I can
figure it out you want to make money
like Vegas you got a look like baby
we've got a nail salon massages you're
never going to believe what's in his
next room is it a strip club
that kid kids 11 he's a fantastic DJ
drop that beat
your mother and I will be working late
every night I feel like they're lying
you love you so much I'm so proud of you
but you need to shut up
what did you say so hard being a parent
nothing fishy going on with those big
we're gonna bet on our friends fighting
work casino we heard a fight night
I don't more pretty good in there we
both take the same MMA class at the Y oh
are those women's sunglasses no they're
tell you I feel like a badass [ __ ] I'm
not gonna tell my daughter she can't go
to college so we resorted to a life of
crime
guys we've got a problem we got to send
a message like to their own casino you
think you can cheat us what are you guys
gonna do about it anyway well I'm so
scared
Hey come on
tell your friends if they mess with us
you're gonna get
[Music]
Oh